=pod

=head1 Powerdns Tango

Powerdns Tango is a simple web frontend for powerdns written in the perl dancer framework.
Its design philosophy is to hopefully make DNS management simple, easy and as quick as possible.
This is an initial public release so please consider this beta software that's subject to change.
Feedback and suggestions welcome.


=head2 Features



=over 2

=item *

Clean and simple HTML5 JSON web interface

=item *

Support for both mysql and postgres backends

=item *

Support deployment for apache, nginx and lighttpd

=item *

Two tier user system (admins & end users)

=item *

DNS template system for fast deployment

=item *

Abilitly to add multiple domains at once (bulk domain additions)

=item *

Supported domains NATIVE, MASTER, SLAVE

=item *

Supported DNS records A, AAAA, CNAME, LOC, MX, NS, PTR, SPF, SRV, TXT

=item *

Secure forgotten password recovery (enable OR disable)

=item *

Secure signup (fully automated OR admin approved OR disabled)

=item *

Admin create, delete and modify users

=item *

Admin set domain and template addition limit for end users

=item *

Admin control/modify domain ownership

=item *

Admin put application in maintenance mode (deny end user login)


=back



=head2 Website demo


  The demo is not attached to anything live and the database is reset every twelve hours.
  So feel free to test out any and all features.
  However I'd ask that you would please be polite and consider others.


  http://pdns.averna.id.au/

  ADMIN USER
  Login: admin
  Password: admin

  END USER
  Login: user
  Password: user



=head2 Install


  SEE: INSTALL.README 



=head2 Supported browsers

The following web browsers are supported.
It's possible some older versions of these browsers or other browers not listed here will work without any issues.


=over 2

=item *

Firefox 4 (and above)

=item *

Chrome 9 (and above)

=item *

Internet Explorer 8 (and above)

=item *

Safari 5 (and above)

=item *

Opera 11 (and above)

=back


Please note, Internet Explorer 7 and below is not supported.



=head2 Feedback / Reporting bugs / Contact

You can reach me via email sarah@averna.id.au or on google plus
https://plus.google.com/117340570849980417814/about



=head2 Acknowledgements

Really couldn't have done this without the help of these fine
projects/people.


=over 2

=item *

Name of project & giving me the idea in the first place:
Craig Small
(http://tdreams.net/)

=item *

Icon Set:
Silk Icons
(http://www.famfamfam.com/lab/icons/silk/)

=item *

Cheshire cat logo:
Kelsey Christenson
(http://duckey5.deviantart.com/)

=item *

Dancer framework:
(http://perldancer.org/)

=item *

jquery:
(http://jquery.com/)

=item *

jquery ui:
(http://jqueryui.com/)

=item *

jquery validation:
(http://bassistance.de/jquery-plugins/jquery-plugin-validation/)

=item *

jquery TipTip: (http://code.drewwilson.com/entry/tiptip-jquery-plugin)

=back



=head2 License

    Powerdns Tango copyright (C) 2011 Sarah Fuller

    See LICENSE.README for a full copy of the GPLv3 license.

    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.


=cut

